
1) Explain REST and RESTful
REST is an architectural pattern for creating web services, that exploits the existing technology and protocols of the Web.
RESTful service is one that implements REST pattern and it is used to refer to web services implementing such an architecture.

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.)
There are three components in the architectural style for the creation a web API. The central component is the model, 
it manages the data, logic and rules of the application the updates are sent to the view component that manages data 
representation, this component describes what the user sees, the inputs that the user puts in are converted by the 
controller component to commands for the model or view.



3) Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.)
GET : is used to retrieve information from the given server using a given URI
POST : is used to send data to the server
PUT : replaces all current representations of the target resource with the uploaded content.
DELETE : removes all current representations of the target resource given by a URI.
HEAD : same as GET, but transfers the status line and header section only.
CONNECT : establishes a tunnel to the server identified by a given URI.
OPTION : describes the communication options for the target resource.
TRACE : performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.

4) Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP ?
stateless protocol : Stateless Protocols are the type of network protocols in which Client send request to the server 
                     and server response back according to current state. It does not require the server to retain 
                     session information or a status about each communicating partner for multiple request.
stateful protocol : In Stateful Protocol If client send a request to the server then it expects some kind of response,
                    if it does not get any response then it resend the request. FTP (File Transfer Protocol), 
                    Telnet are the example of Stateful Protocol.
HTTP is stateless protocol

5) Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)
GET : carries request parameter appended in URL string
POST : carries request parameter in message body

6) You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?
I read the code multiple times and make sure i understand the problem and try to explain it outloud,
i then break it into sub-problems and make a plan to solve each one. For each sub-problem that i can't solve
i go through my code and try to figure out where the mistake is( debugging ). After solving each sub-problem 
i connect the solutions. if this doesn't work i look for solutions for problems that are similar of mine on web.
And if that doen't work i ask people of my network for solutions.
